tidb cloud: add steps about viewing and revoking authorized OAuth apps (#18205)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/oauth2.md

- [ticloud auth login](/tidb-cloud/ticloud-auth-login.md): Authenticate with TiDB Cloud
- [ticloud auth logout](/tidb-cloud/ticloud-auth-logout.md): Log out of TiDB Cloud

If your app needs to access TiDB Cloud using OAuth, submit a request to [become a Cloud & Technology Partner](https://www.pingcap.com/partners/become-a-partner/) (select **Cloud & Technology Partner** in **Partner Program**). We will reach out to you.

## View and revoke authorized OAuth apps

You can view the records for authorized OAuth applications in the TiDB Cloud console as follows:

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-account-settings" /> in the lower-left corner.
2. Click **Account Settings**.

> 3. Click **Authorized OAuth Apps**. You can view authorized OAuth applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the left navigation pane, click **Authorized OAuth Apps**. You can view authorized OAuth applications.
```

> You can click **Revoke** to revoke your authorization at anytime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can click **Revoke** to revoke your authorization at any time.
```
